window-padding-color = background
theme = Tinacious Design Dark
font-family = "Input Mono Condensed"
font-size = 13
quick-terminal-position = top
window-padding-x = 10
cursor-style-blink = false
cursor-style = block
shell-integration-features = no-cursor
cursor-click-to-move=true
keybind = global:ctrl+p=toggle_quick_terminal
copy-on-select = true
window-save-state = always
cursor-click-to-move = true
macos-titlebar-proxy-icon = hidden
clipboard-trim-trailing-spaces = true
clipboard-read = ask
clipboard-write = ask
working-directory = inherit
focus-follows-mouse = true
quick-terminal-screen = mouse
background-opacity = 0.95
background-blur-radius = 20
